So let's see some other options that we have right here.
You can see we have these stops and every time you click here you will see that we have different options.
So let's see this in action.
So for example again what I can say is something that we have had already work in.
You can see for example you have the tax status you can you can tell with combers if these broke will
pay taxes or not or not only the sheep.
And so you can clear tax class.
We're going to see tax glassine upcoming because then we have the mentary in front here for example
your Kanab is Esky you.
So for example you can add something like a key that you can use to identify these.
So a Nazi is be a workout in us and then we're going out 0 03 because if you remember this is just in
the 03 it's not something like this.
And I'm going to update saw reload.
Now you can see we have the S-K you and me right here.
So that's something important especially if you are managing the image story.
Now we have here amatory So now you can see we have Menashe stock so you can enable these and then you
can add this stock quantity.
So for example let's say that you are selling or broke something that is really really hard.
You get more.
So for example let's say that you are selling 10 tv's and it's really hard but you get new TVs.
And for example you want to add then and this way we make sure that you are not selling more TVs that
the ones that we have.
So we're going out there and right.
And I'm going to update these and real over the Froment and you can see we have them in stock.
So these Way For example if I try to have 11 you can see that I don't have the king can the more browser
here.
If I have 11 right here using the numbers and not the card you can see that we have an elevation or
right here that's important.
And so for example you can see that we have the image story here.
You can up and combers and then settings and here you will find some options.
So if you can open for other X-ray here and then you have the inventory right here that and for example
you can enable this management if you want to enable or disable the stock management is going to be
right here and you can make some other changes here.
So for example you have the notifications and you can enable low estopped notifications or office notifications
of this will send you a notification saying that this or some brawl broke doesn't have an end of a stock.
So it's going to tell you that if you enable notifications.
So let's say for example if I had three right here and I'm going out to the car you can see every have
in a stock.
If you open a camera you can see that we have called this dog.
And you can see all this stock for on pay orders.
This is the amount of minutes that you are given into they use they use air or the B-story recite before
you cancel the order.
And this stock is going to be added again.
So for example in this case it's going to be then I added three.
It's going to be seven on the stock.
But if I don't finish the purchase in 60 minutes is it going to cancel the order and he's going to have
then again right here.
So that's important especially if you plan to run a sale or something.
Or maybe increase mass where people is more and more stuff these like that you can control everything.
And so this is important you have the lowest dropout rates and you can take it on or you can cover in
here and there the question mark and you can see when pro stock reaches this amount you will be notified
by email if you're selling something that you can get from one day to another you can add these two
two or three and this one effect your Web site of course this will depend on the kind of products that
you're selling and you can see we have all of our stock price fall.
You can see if I again over here you will find more information.
So when the stock breaches this amount this stock is Daddles will change to all of its stock.
So for example once you are in zero is going to tell the users that we don't have enough stock and that's
important especially for example some of my clients decide that they want to have two or three because
it's really common that some of the products that they are selling out of that match or something in
this way they ensure that they can send all the products to their clients.
Finally you can see we have this display on the bottom you can see that we have always show quantity
to alienness stock.
If I open the break you can see that we have Dandini stuck right here.
We'll Gomer's again I'm going to select the second option only show quantitive remain in stock when
lo.
So when I select these I'm going to change the numbers here are going on low stock five.
So why don't I save changes.
They even 30 and they're not three right here are they.
And really the front end and I you can see we have only three left in this stock.
So this is where you control these only two and the lowest stock price will.
So finally if you want to show any of these you can never show you the quantity and reload and you will
find that it's based on only in in a stock.
So this is how you can control the display of the inventory.
We've had these calmer settings and of course we're going to continue working with these taps.
This was only a small example of something that can be done in commerce the management of the minatory.